Add information about collators and delegators (#369)
freeverseio/laos: README.md

> ```

Reviewer: I think this should go to `pallets/parachain-staking/README.md`

using either `klaos` or `caladan` for `chain_name`. Available releases are published [here](https://github.com/freeverseio/laos/releases).

### Collators / Delegators

> In the Proof of Staking system, you can become a block producer (also known as a collator) based on your stake and earn rewards for producing blocks. Additionally, you can stake your funds in one collator and earn rewards when your collator produces a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Proof of Stake (POS) systems, one can become a block producer (_collator_ in our case) based on their stake and earn rewards for producing blocks. Additionally, you can delegate or nominate your funds to one _collator_ and earn rewards for each authored block by that collator.
```

> If the collator goes offline or misbehaves (fails to provide proof of validity, produces an invalid block, etc.), it will not be rewarded. Consequently, the delegators who staked their funds in that collator will not receive any rewards either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the collator goes offline or misbehaves (fails to provide proof of validity, produces an invalid block, etc.), it will not be rewarded. Consequently, the delegators who delegated their funds in that collator will not receive any rewards either.
```
